adding new upn param (#22660)
demisto/content: Packs/EWS/ReleaseNotes/2_0_6.md

#### Integrations
##### EWS O365

> - Added the parameter **UPN** to configuration, in order to fix fetch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the *UPN* parameter to the integration instance configuration.
```
